# HYWIN-ARTZ
Am a DIgital Artist. Google me as HYWIN ARTZ.; It's easy to find me. :);   My-Self “HYWIN LIJO JOHN”   was born in HYDERABAD which is my home town on Nov 10; Kerala is my native place (INDIA). Having grown up in a city environment my love towards Nature grew tremendously (I Love my native place a lot).  My brief description about my thoughts and my self  1) Lets stay Meaningless it's An arc of ART. 2) I Believe that INNER BEAUTY is more important than EXTERNAL BEAUTY. 3) U r a Reflection of ur ART. Help others &amp; Help Ur-self Love others &amp; Love Ur-self   I started sketching and drawing ARTS at a very young age My childhood was fascinated with Love towards different Artworks and drawings I always forget myself and my time when I got involved in an Art work. I have created different kinds of unique Artworks conceptual and non conceptual Arts like Abstract Artworks   In my whole life up till now I have been very self observant from the age of 10. I started observing myself, my Psychological state and things happening around me which gave me a great sense of understanding towards our state of mind (the reason I say our is when we are self observant it becomes easy to understand others and our selves).   I Completed my Degree in Multimedia in 2011. After completing my degree I started getting into different types of works like Digital ARTs Image processing Analyst, Photo Editing, Typography and Logo Designing etc.   HYWIN ARTZ TM related logos, characters, names, and distinctive likenesses thereof are the exclusive property of HYWIN ARTZ and/or their respective owner Hywin Lijo John used under license. All rights Reserved.
